Update STaaS.md - non index logger tables (#3451)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Databases/STaaS/STaaS.md

1. [Upgrade your DataMiner System](xref:Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent) to version 10.4.0 [CU0] or higher.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > To be able to use non-indexed Logger Tables, version 10.4.0 [CU5] or higher must be installed.

Reviewer: Which version is required for people on the feature release track?

Author: 10.4.8 CU0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > To be able to use non-indexed logger tables, upgrade to DataMiner version 10.4.0 [CU5]/10.4.8 or higher.
```
